

-- System Archecture:

Plan:



-- Rust Game --                                                                       -- JavaScript GUI --
(1 thread should be fine)                                                               (multithread probably a good idea)

em starts game
(sends map seed, player/ai start decisions)             ->                               Displays regular start map


Recieves choices                                         <-                               1st turn player choices
(formatted as what action 
they chose and on what hex/ai/whatever)


Makes changes and makes ai moves
(sends only hexes and what changed)                     ->                              Display changes slowly



                                 <-            REPEAT UNTIL GAME END         ->




Internals to Rust:

Vector 0f Globals holds player 1 (human) and player 2 (ai) and player 3 (ai)
    - global is just cash and research amount


Map holds board hexes and keeps track of that data
- if city
- # soliders
- terrain
- etc


Actual Game
    So first world is generated
    Info sent to frontend

    then loop begins:
        -player input received
            event manger makes changes to global and map
        - then ai runs
            event manger makes each ai changed
        - then next turn bonuses added (cash, research, tech level reached)
        - then info is sent to front end


Inside loop:
    - I say build an update function that takes input and updates globe and map
    - then have player input passed to that
    - then build ai deicison function that generates similar input
    - then for each ai feed the info into the update function
    - then build a send info function



Format of info,

Key is what are the actions one can take in a turn?
- Spend cash on a building (cash building, science building, defense building)
    (what hex, what building)
- Move soldiers
    (from hex, to hex, what number)
- Tech level up choice (attack mode or continue mode)
    0 or 1 for choice

Array of 5 digits:
[
    0    ->    buying, what building type (0 is not building, 1 is cash, 2 science, 3 defense)  
    0    ->    hex building on 
    0    ->    to what hex if attacking, (make 20+ if not attacking I guess? This is first to check if should be doing battle caculation)
    0    ->    from what hex 
    0    ->    number of soldiers being moved
    0    ->    if decision was sent, 0 is continue, 1 is attack, (could easily wrap this inside the others since so much bits not used, but whatever for now)
]














Game Idea and Layout:

Start game where grid is built
Grid can be numbered 0..18

3 players (player himself plus two ai)
they spawn on 3, 6, and 17.

Game Pace:
Game is like Civ, you collect money to build soldiers and make your nation bigger.
You can win either by fighting both your oppenets and taking all their capital (and owning most of the tiles)
Or by science by reaching the end of the tech "tree"

Each turn there is a random chance your cities grow (start at level 1 and reach level 5)
Turn +1 Cash each turn for each level in all cities
Each turn you get +1 research for each city level

Cash is spent on buying soldiers, building buildings for bonuses, and claiming unclaimed tiles

Research is stockpiled and each time you reach 100, you discover a technology.
Once all tech is reached in yout tech level, save 200 to move to a new age.  

Ages:
Bronze - Classical Age - Medival Age - Renaissance Age - Industrial Age - Atomic Age - Information Age - Interstellar Age

You don't know what techs other natins have, but you get a notification each age upgrade. 

Each age gives you a bump in attack stats and a boost in cash and a cool ability




Turn:




Gonna write these down, but gonna pause this until I get a game up and running first
Expanded Ideas:

        Ages
        This lists the tech of each and the bonuses you get

        Bronze 
            - Reached:
                1. This is the start, so no bonus for reaching this level
            - Tech:
                1. Army Class - Allows you to train soliders
                2. Irrigation System - Earn 1 cash per city level rather than fixed 1 per turn

        Classical Age 
            - Reached:
                1. Can now have more than 2 soldiers, (limit now 5)
                2. Now can claim unclaimed land (as long as own less than 4 tiles)
            - Tech:
                1. Seige - Now you can attack tiles of enemy and take them. ( as long as own less than 4 tiles)
        
        Medival Age:
            - Reached:
                1. Max tiles owned is now 6
                2. Choice: Can make tile max 8, but would get only 1 science per turn 
            
            - Tech:
                1. City Defense - Cities now defend with more strength
                2. Feudal Knights - No army limit now

        Renaissance Age:
            - Reached:
                1. Max tile limit now 9 (one tile short of win)
                2. 



